V2.13-update-HFs (#413)
run-ai/docs: docs/home/whats-new-2-13.md

# Run:ai version 2.13

## Version 2.13.7

### Release date

July 2023

#### Release content

<!-- RUN-10803 -->
* Added filters to the historic quota ratio widget on the *Quota management* dashboard.

#### Fixed issues

| Internal ID | Description  |
| ---------------------------- | ---- |
| RUN-11080 | Fixed an issue in OpenShift environments where log in via SSO with the `kubeadmin` user, gets blank pages for every page. |
| RUN-11119 | Fixed an issue where values that should be the *Order of priority* column are in the wrong column. |

> | RUN-11120 | Fixed an issue where the *Projects* table does not show correct metrics when Run:a version 2.13 is paired with a Run:ai 2.8 cluster. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| RUN-11120 | Fixed an issue where the *Projects* table does not show correct metrics when Run:ai version 2.13 is paired with a Run:ai 2.8 cluster. |
```

| RUN-11121 | Fixed an issue where the wrong over quota memory alert is shown in the *Quota management* pane in project edit form. |

> | RUN-11272 | Fixed an issue in OpenShift environments where the cluster drop down in the main UI does not match the cluster used on the login page. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| RUN-11272 | Fixed an issue in OpenShift environments where the selection in the cluster drop down in the main UI does not match the cluster selected on the login page. |
```
